File report on Missing tasks in parallel steps in Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials - Level 3 (#894)
w3c/strudy: issues/webauthn-3-missingtask.md

---
Title: >-
  Missing tasks in parallel steps in Web Authentication: An API for accessing
  Public Key Credentials - Level 3
Tracked: N/A
Repo: 'https://github.com/w3c/webauthn'
---

While crawling [Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials - Level 3](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/), the following algorithms fire an event, or resolve or reject a Promise, within a step that runs [in parallel](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/infrastructure.html#in-parallel) without first queuing a task:

> * [ ] The algorithm that starts with "The Asynchronous RP ID validation algorithm lets signal methods validate RP IDs in parallel. The algorithm takes a DOMString rpId as input and returns a promise that rejects if the validation fails. The steps are:" resolves/rejects a promise directly in a step that runs in parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] The [Asynchronous RP ID validation algorithm](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#sctn-signal-methods-async-rp-id-validation)  resolves/rejects a promise directly in a step that runs in parallel
```
